c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\MRecon.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\Database\MyDB.mdf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\Database\MyDB_log.ldf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\MyDB.mdf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\MyDB_log.ldf
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon_Content.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.g.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\MRecon.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\bin\Debug\MRecon.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\MRecon.Migrations.Mig1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Registration.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Activation.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MRecon\MRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Activation.g.cs
